boohers-rules-of-business-grammar.md, before:

# Boohers Rules of Business Grammar (Dianna Booher)

- 101 fast and easy ways to correct the most common error

## INTRODUCTION

- Some Incorrect usage Examples

  - No louding (INCORRECT) / No yelling (CORRECT)
  - I am making my granddaughter a desk chair for her dorn. (INCORRECT)
  - One leg is an inch shorter that the other three. (INCORRECT)
  - Our invoices don't agree with the bank statement, but I don't think that should create any questions. (INCORRECT)

- Errors and Imprecision
- accuracy and precision in language matters
- Coworkers and customers may not be amused by mistake. In fact, they may become downright annoyed
- Perception overpowers logic in some cases
- Bad grammar sounds like fingernails gragging across a chalkboard
- Bad grammar is like bad breath
- Bad grammar can limit your social standing and stall your career
- Grammatical mistakes that annoy others and limit your social life
- The proper language separates the wealthy from the poor, the educated from the uneducated, the movers and shakers
  from down-and-outers
- Remove obstacles to career advancement and make yourself more promotable
- You can correct deficiencies in a matter of a few hours or days of diligent study.
- The more elaborate a visualization

## Verbosity About Verbs: The Big Blunders

- When it comes to sport, you know what thye say: no guts, no glory.
- We will try to tackle the troublesome verbs in the following chapters

### 1. Let's Dialogue About Verbing Words

- TURNING PERFECTLY FINE NOUNS INTO VERBS

- `-ing`

  - `trending`, `impacting`, `glabalizing`, `fast-tracking`, `complimenting`
  - Examples
    - Managers become particularly adept at `globalizing` new trends and `fast-tracking` their way around obstacles
    - Manager often `incentivize` outstanding performers by `complimenting` them

- `-ize`

  - `incentivize`, `downsized`, `right-sized`, `strategize`, `prioritize`
  - `operationalize`, `utilize`, `marginalize`, `institutionalize`, `mobilize`, `capitalize`
  - Examples
    - Manager often `incentivize` outstanding performers by `complimenting` them
    - Whether `down-sized` or `right-sized`, teams can
      - `strategize` organizational initiatives,
      - `prioritize` divisional goals,
      - `operationalize` tactical plans,
      - `utilize` their best resources,
      - `marginalize` any deficiencies in their system,
      - `institutionalize` project outcomes,
      - `optimize` their opportunities,
      - `mobilize` human talent,
      - `capitalize` on their investments

- Managers often `dialogue` about important projects and hope the entire team `nets` the essentials.

### 2. "She Went Missing"

- SUCKING THE LIFE OUT OF A STRONG VERBS
- The following are not errors; they just weaken your writing, so always avoid it

  - Call and make a reservation (Call and `Reserve`)
  - Run a test to see if... (`Test` to see if...)
  - Carry out experiments to ... (`Experiment`)
  - Perform an analysis of ... (`Analyze`)
  - Provide for the elimination of ... (`Eliminate`)
  - They experienced a reduction in .. (They `reduced`)

- Strong VERBS deserve a life of their own. Why sap(erode, reduce, lower, lessen, wear away) their
  strength by turning them into NOUNS.

### 3. Staying Regular

- IRREGULAR VERBS
- Make sure you use the correct verb forms
- Pay special attention to IRREGULAR Verbs

### 4. He Don't Understand

- THE IRREGULAR VERB `TO DO`
- The most common error with the irregular verb `to do` occurs when making the first-person singular
  a contraction with `not`. (Do not/Does not)

- INCORRECT

  - Pudge `don't` know what to do with his money.
  - Spike `don't` remember his hometown very well.
  - Gertrude `don't` travel internationally.

- CORRECT
  - Pudge `doesn't` know what to do with his money.
  - Spike `doesn't` remember his hometown very well.
  - Gertrude `doesn't` travel internationally.

### 5. They Had Wen to My Office Earlier in the Day

- THE IRREGULAR VERB `TO GO`
- The irregular verb `to go` gives people problems most often in the present and past tenses.
  That is, they mistakenly, use `went` with the helping verb `has`, `have`, and `had`.

- INCORRECT

  - Fritz had `went` to the paris exhibit last year.
  - They had `went` to that conference earlier in the year.
  - I have `went` to the major power borkers to try to negotiate the deal.

- CORRECT

  - Fritz had `gone` to the paris exhibit last year.
  - They had `gone` to that conference earlier in the year.
  - I have `gone` to the major power borkers to try to negotiate the deal.

- MEMORY TIP
  - Remember that the classic movie is titled `Gone with the wind`, not `Went with the Wind`.

Commit message:

06 - He Come Back From Overseas Early

boohers-rules-of-business-grammar.md, after:

# Boohers Rules of Business Grammar (Dianna Booher)

- 101 fast and easy ways to correct the most common error

## INTRODUCTION

- Some Incorrect usage Examples

  - No louding (INCORRECT) / No yelling (CORRECT)
  - I am making my granddaughter a desk chair for her dorn. (INCORRECT)
  - One leg is an inch shorter that the other three. (INCORRECT)
  - Our invoices don't agree with the bank statement, but I don't think that should create any questions. (INCORRECT)

- Errors and Imprecision
- accuracy and precision in language matters
- Coworkers and customers may not be amused by mistake. In fact, they may become downright annoyed
- Perception overpowers logic in some cases
- Bad grammar sounds like fingernails gragging across a chalkboard
- Bad grammar is like bad breath
- Bad grammar can limit your social standing and stall your career
- Grammatical mistakes that annoy others and limit your social life
- The proper language separates the wealthy from the poor, the educated from the uneducated, the movers and shakers
  from down-and-outers
- Remove obstacles to career advancement and make yourself more promotable
- You can correct deficiencies in a matter of a few hours or days of diligent study.
- The more elaborate a visualization

## Verbosity About Verbs: The Big Blunders

- When it comes to sport, you know what thye say: no guts, no glory.
- We will try to tackle the troublesome verbs in the following chapters

### 1. Let's Dialogue About Verbing Words

- TURNING PERFECTLY FINE NOUNS INTO VERBS

- `-ing`

  - `trending`, `impacting`, `glabalizing`, `fast-tracking`, `complimenting`
  - Examples
    - Managers become particularly adept at `globalizing` new trends and `fast-tracking` their way around obstacles
    - Manager often `incentivize` outstanding performers by `complimenting` them

- `-ize`

  - `incentivize`, `downsized`, `right-sized`, `strategize`, `prioritize`
  - `operationalize`, `utilize`, `marginalize`, `institutionalize`, `mobilize`, `capitalize`
  - Examples
    - Manager often `incentivize` outstanding performers by `complimenting` them
    - Whether `down-sized` or `right-sized`, teams can
      - `strategize` organizational initiatives,
      - `prioritize` divisional goals,
      - `operationalize` tactical plans,
      - `utilize` their best resources,
      - `marginalize` any deficiencies in their system,
      - `institutionalize` project outcomes,
      - `optimize` their opportunities,
      - `mobilize` human talent,
      - `capitalize` on their investments

- Managers often `dialogue` about important projects and hope the entire team `nets` the essentials.

### 2. "She Went Missing"

- SUCKING THE LIFE OUT OF A STRONG VERBS
- The following are not errors; they just weaken your writing, so always avoid it

  - Call and make a reservation (Call and `Reserve`)
  - Run a test to see if... (`Test` to see if...)
  - Carry out experiments to ... (`Experiment`)
  - Perform an analysis of ... (`Analyze`)
  - Provide for the elimination of ... (`Eliminate`)
  - They experienced a reduction in .. (They `reduced`)

- Strong VERBS deserve a life of their own. Why sap(erode, reduce, lower, lessen, wear away) their
  strength by turning them into NOUNS.

### 3. Staying Regular

- IRREGULAR VERBS
- Make sure you use the correct verb forms
- Pay special attention to IRREGULAR Verbs

### 4. He Don't Understand

- THE IRREGULAR VERB `TO DO`
- The most common error with the irregular verb `to do` occurs when making the first-person singular
  a contraction with `not`. (Do not/Does not)

- INCORRECT

  - Pudge `don't` know what to do with his money.
  - Spike `don't` remember his hometown very well.
  - Gertrude `don't` travel internationally.

- CORRECT
  - Pudge `doesn't` know what to do with his money.
  - Spike `doesn't` remember his hometown very well.
  - Gertrude `doesn't` travel internationally.

### 5. They Had Went to My Office Earlier in the Day

- THE IRREGULAR VERB `TO GO`
- The irregular verb `to go` gives people problems most often in the present and past tenses.
  That is, they mistakenly, use `went` with the helping verb `has`, `have`, and `had`.

- INCORRECT

  - Fritz had `went` to the paris exhibit last year.
  - They had `went` to that conference earlier in the year.
  - I have `went` to the major power borkers to try to negotiate the deal.

- CORRECT

  - Fritz had `gone` to the paris exhibit last year.
  - They had `gone` to that conference earlier in the year.
  - I have `gone` to the major power borkers to try to negotiate the deal.

- MEMORY TIP
  - Remember that the classic movie is titled `Gone with the wind`, not `Went with the Wind`.

### 6. He Come Back From Overseas Early

- THE IRREGULAR VERB `TO COME`
- The most common error with the irregular verb `to come` occurs in the past tense.

- INCORRECT - Eldor `come` home from work early yesterday
- CORRECT - Eldor `came` home from work early yesterday
- MEMORY TIP
  - C`A`ME = P`A`ST
  - C`O`ME = N`O`W
